myrna's yen friendship butchers are
demanding police protection to deal with
an increase in violence by antique meat
groups but who are these vegan activists
and what drives relevant vegans breaking
a few sharp windows windows that can
always be replaced what we think should
really show people is butchers putting
on display dead dismembered animals
[Music]
violent images may hope to change the
hearts and minds of consumers our jury
to what was happening in Smithfield I
think they'll be supportive so the big
question is gonna be is the judge going
around right whether or not they'll
allow the video as admissible evidence a
peaceful demonstration but some more
violent activists go a step further
according to one Union since the start
of the year activists graffiti
dallbrooke the windows of around 50
stores for your cause that's not a
problem but you're scaring people with
all this value the property which is
less than you know a candy bar is lit I
get chips at a kid Mike steals my
groceries one
nowadays relax what any people there's a
number of individuals and organizations
whose only goal is to destroy an entire
path of French culture fit destroy the
expertise of our butchers breeders
fishermen when cheese makers one thing
that's gonna give me a lot of time a lot
of people are continuing to fight the
fight plant outside yeah hopefully some
of them will be a little inspired if I
have to bear that I do that often
getting once again to jail for taking a
baby take nine we are going to send
people to jail happy to be the first
because the John Force Mike yeah an
entire industry is in danger as veganism
enjoys a search in media coverage tell
you what's given you nobody is banning
people from eating vegetables they can
do what they want but please could they
leave meat lovers alone only 3% of
people of vegans but this 3% is trying
to impose their way of life on the rest
of the population that's the definition
of a dictatorship and their methods are
more akin to terrorism than defending
their cause so could other forms of
civil war most of us share the exact
same sentiment I'm ready to go to jail
and like I said mostly people I know are
absolutely ready to go to jail and take
a beating whatever it takes - its civil
rights it's what it is it's civil rights
for a different species other than just
us this time yeah this is just how it is
we got to be laughed at mocked thrown in
jail just that's just how it is you know
it takes persecution to change the world
sadly
[Music]
no one has ever been arrested at one of
our days about my overall experience
with drag - and everywhere is that
they're an institution based on lies
built on lies
they lie constantly about what their own
methods are what their own objectives
are what the organization is why would
they lie about people being arrested
when very clearly there are arrests
going on our protests are always
nonviolent and we do not target
individuals or employees at the places
that we protest we have people trained
to deal with the police and no one has
ever been arrested at one of our days of
action and if you just google direct
action everywhere and arrest you will
find on their same website almost
boasting about the fact that so many
people have been arrested this one
specifies arrest warrants issued most of
us share the exact same sentiment I'm
ready to go to jail and like I said most
of the people I know are absolutely
ready to go to jail
[Music]
Eruzione